welcome to advanced camping and RVs
virtual sewer of this 2011 sportsman
classic toy hauler this is the 14-foot
toy hauler and as you can see it's fully
equipped it's got a nice size awning on
it and it's got a vent for your cargo
space it also has a easy load ramp door
that's a spring-loaded and as you go in
the back here you'll notice it's got to
fold away seating areas that also turn
into beds that gives you a nice big
floor space so you can load a ATV or a
you know motorcycle canoe kayak anything
you'd like right into the back here and
it's got lots of cabinet space
and this sportsman classic also has a
six gallon water heater it's got a nice
microwave oven
two burner gas hot plate and it's got
am/fm CD player with ipod hookup it also
has a air conditioner and a propane
furnace as well as a two-way
refrigerator and it's a nice-sized
bathroom you know fully usable shower
and toilet it's got a little vent inside
of there as well as a repentant main
living area all of this in an easy to
tow package this way is just about 2200
pounds empty so easily towed by many
many vehicles and you also have a spot
for TV and TV hookup as well as antenna
thank you for watching advanced
camping's virtual tour of this 2011
sportsman classic toy hauler for the
best deals on all rvs please visit
advanced camping calm or give us a call
today